Update research section (#1145)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/product/design/design-process.md

      - As our users are developers, Sourcegraph developers make great interview subjects. However, we need to acknowledge that they do have biases about features and this research must be augmented
  - Interview external users
      - Where the project requires and time permits, conduct research with these users to inform your designs
  - Customer requests and support tickets
      - Our users are passionate and provide excellent feedback. Each project should utilize our collections of this feedback in [Productboard](https://sourcegraph.productboard.com/)
  - Analogous designs
  - Competitive designs
  - Usability tests
    - When updating existing product features, first conduct usability tests to inform redesign decisions
  - Process
      - A GitHub issue should be created to track the work
      - Research is conducted according to requirements
      - Findings publishing and review

>         - Findings should be detailed in a google doc and announced in the corresponding team channel or #product on Slack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Findings should be detailed in a Google doc and announced in the corresponding team channel or #product on Slack
```

        - Findings should contain a clear summary, links to resources and supporting data

>         - Conduct a syncronous review meeting with key stakeholders based on side of project or importance of findings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Conduct a synchronous review meeting with key stakeholders based on the size of project or importance of findings
```

  - Interview external users
      - Where the project requires and time permits, conduct research with these users to inform your designs
  - Customer requests and support tickets
      - Our users are passionate and provide excellent feedback. Each project should utilize our collections of this feedback in [Productboard](https://sourcegraph.productboard.com/)
  - Analogous designs
  - Competitive designs
  - Usability tests
    - When updating existing product features, first conduct usability tests to inform redesign decisions
  - Process
      - A GitHub issue should be created to track the work
      - Research is conducted according to requirements
      - Findings publishing and review
        - Findings should be detailed in a google doc and announced in the corresponding team channel or #product on Slack
        - Findings should contain a clear summary, links to resources and supporting data
        - Conduct a syncronous review meeting with key stakeholders based on side of project or importance of findings

>       - Announce research in Slack

Reviewer 2: @rrhyne Good changes! I have only one suggestion here. It seems like announcing research in Slack is already mentioned in line 45. Maybe we can remove this line (48)? :)

Author: Done!
